README.md, before:

# Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy
Generally speaking, the major perperties of a well-risk managed programme should consider.

#### [1]: Relative stable and controlled daily return profile
#### [2]: Risk profile independent of the overall market risk level

## [A.Portfolio Construction](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/tree/main/SectionA.Portfolio%20Construction):
> This section includes Hierarchical Risk Parity, Eigen Portfolio construction via PCA, and Denoised for Eigen portfolio
1.  [Hierarchical Risk Parity](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/blob/main/SectionA.Portfolio%20Construction/01.PF_Hierarchical%20Risk%20Parity.ipynb)

2. [Eigen Portfolio construction via PCA](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/blob/main/SectionA.Portfolio%20Construction/02.PF_Eigen.PCA.ipynb)

3. [Denoised_Eigen_value](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/blob/main/SectionA.Portfolio%20Construction/03.PF_Denoised_Eigen_value.py)

## [B. Derivatives Strategy](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/tree/main/SectionB.Derivatives%20Strategy/01.Gamma%20Scalping):
> This section includes GammaScalping
1.  [GammaScalping](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/blob/main/SectionB.Derivatives%20Strategy/01.Gamma%20Scalping/Strategy1_ShortStrangle.m)

## [C.Reinforecment Learning Method](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/tree/main/SectionC.ReinforementLearning.DNN)
1. [DNN for FX](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/blob/main/SectionC.ReinforementLearning.DNN/01_DenseNeutralNetwork_FX.ipynb)

2. [Reinforce Learning for PortfolioAllocation](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/blob/main/SectionC.ReinforementLearning.DNN/PortfolioAllocation.ipynb)

## [D.MicroStructure.Econometrics](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/tree/main/SectionD.MicroStructue.Econometrics):
> This section includes Time Series for Order book prediction
1.  [Micro_OFI_ARIMA-HFT](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/blob/main/SectionD.MicroStructue.Econometrics/01.Micro_OFI_ARIMA-HFT.ipynb)

## [E.Regime Switching & Hidden Markov](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/tree/main/SectionE.RegimeDetection)
> This section includes Regime Detection with Hidden Markov Model
1.  [HMM_Viterbi](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/blob/main/SectionE.RegimeDetection/01.HMM_Viterbi.ipynb)
2.  [Kalman_Filters](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/blob/main/SectionE.RegimeDetection/02.Kalman_Filters.ipynb)

## [F.Sentiment Analysis & NLP](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/tree/main/SectionE.RegimeDetection)
> This section includes Regime Detection with Hidden Markov Model
1.  [Sentiment Analysis on Financial Statements](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/blob/main/SectionE.RegimeDetection/01.HMM_Viterbi.ipynb)
2.  [Sentiment Analysis with LSTM](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/blob/main/SectionE.RegimeDetection/01.HMM_Viterbi.ipynb)

Commit message:

add NLP sentiment analysis. Factor

README.md, after:

# Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy
Generally speaking, the major perperties of a well-risk managed programme should consider.

#### [1]: Relative stable and controlled daily return profile
#### [2]: Risk profile independent of the overall market risk level

## [A.Portfolio Construction](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/tree/main/SectionA.Portfolio%20Construction):
> This section includes Hierarchical Risk Parity, Eigen Portfolio construction via PCA, and Denoised for Eigen portfolio
1.  [Hierarchical Risk Parity](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/blob/main/SectionA.Portfolio%20Construction/01.PF_Hierarchical%20Risk%20Parity.ipynb)

2. [Eigen Portfolio construction via PCA](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/blob/main/SectionA.Portfolio%20Construction/02.PF_Eigen.PCA.ipynb)

3. [Denoised_Eigen_value](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/blob/main/SectionA.Portfolio%20Construction/03.PF_Denoised_Eigen_value.py)

## [B. Derivatives Strategy](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/tree/main/SectionB.Derivatives%20Strategy/01.Gamma%20Scalping):
> This section includes GammaScalping
1.  [GammaScalping](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/blob/main/SectionB.Derivatives%20Strategy/01.Gamma%20Scalping/Strategy1_ShortStrangle.m)

## [C.Reinforecment Learning Method](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/tree/main/SectionC.ReinforementLearning.DNN)
1. [DNN for FX](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/blob/main/SectionC.ReinforementLearning.DNN/01_DenseNeutralNetwork_FX.ipynb)

2. [Reinforce Learning for PortfolioAllocation](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/blob/main/SectionC.ReinforementLearning.DNN/PortfolioAllocation.ipynb)

## [D.MicroStructure.Econometrics](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/tree/main/SectionD.MicroStructue.Econometrics):
> This section includes Time Series for Order book prediction
1.  [Micro_OFI_ARIMA-HFT](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/blob/main/SectionD.MicroStructue.Econometrics/01.Micro_OFI_ARIMA-HFT.ipynb)

## [E.Regime Switching & Hidden Markov](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/tree/main/SectionE.RegimeDetection)
> This section includes Regime Detection with Hidden Markov Model
1.  [HMM_Viterbi](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/blob/main/SectionE.RegimeDetection/01.HMM_Viterbi.ipynb)
2.  [Kalman_Filters](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/blob/main/SectionE.RegimeDetection/02.Kalman_Filters.ipynb)

## [F.Sentiment Analysis & NLP](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/tree/main/SectionE.RegimeDetection)
> This section includes Machine Learning with NLP
1.  [Sentiment Analysis on Financial Statements](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/blob/main/SectionE.RegimeDetection/01.HMM_Viterbi.ipynb)
2.  [Sentiment Analysis with LSTM](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/blob/main/SectionE.RegimeDetection/01.HMM_Viterbi.ipynb)

## [G.SectionG.Multi-Factor.SmartBeta.Alpha](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/tree/main/SectionE.RegimeDetection)
> This section includes Machine Learning with NLP
1.  [Combining Signals for Enhanced Alpha](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/blob/main/SectionE.RegimeDetection/01.HMM_Viterbi.ipynb)
2.  [Multi-Factor Model](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/blob/main/SectionE.RegimeDetection/01.HMM_Viterbi.ipynb)
3.  [Smart Beta and Portfolio Optimization](https://github.com/michaelsyao/Multi-Asset-Systematic-Strategy/blob/main/SectionE.RegimeDetection/01.HMM_Viterbi.ipynb)
